RTCPeerConnectionIceErrorEvent docs (#44069)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/rtcpeerconnectioniceerrorevent/address/index.md

{{APIRef("WebRTC")}}

> The **`address`** property of the {{domxref("RTCPeerConnectionIceErrorEvent")}} interface is a string that indicates the local IP address being used to communicate with the {{Glossary("STUN")}} or {{Glossary("TURN")}} server during negotiations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`address`** property of the {{domxref("RTCPeerConnectionIceErrorEvent")}} interface is a string that indicates the local IP address used to communicate with the {{Glossary("STUN")}} or {{Glossary("TURN")}} server when the error occurred.
```

> The error which occurred involved this address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

## Value

> A string which specifies the local IP address of the network connection to the ICE server with which negotiations were occurring when the error occurred.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A string specifying the local IP address of the network connection to the ICE server with which negotiations were occurring when the error occurred.
```

> This address identifies the network interface on the local device which is being used to attempt to establish the connection to the remote peer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This address identifies the network interface on the local device used to attempt to establish the connection to the remote peer.
```

This can be useful on multi-homed systems—devices with more than one network connection—to determine which network interface is being used.

> For example, on a mobile phone, there are typically at least two network interfaces available: the cellular connection and a Wi-Fi connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, on a mobile phone, there are typically at least two network interfaces available: a cellular connection and a Wi-Fi connection.
```

If the local IP address isn't exposed as part of a local candidate, the value of `address` is `null`.

## Examples

### Basic usage

> This example creates a handler for {{domxref("RTCPeerConnection.icecandidateerror_event", "icecandidateerror")}} events which creates human-readable messages describing the local network interface for the connection as well as the ICE server that was being used to try to open the connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example creates a handler for {{domxref("RTCPeerConnection.icecandidateerror_event", "icecandidateerror")}} events, which creates human-readable messages describing the local network interface for the connection and the ICE server that was being used to attempt the connection.
```

> It then calls a function to display the messages as well as the event's {{domxref("RTCPeerConnectionIceErrorEvent.errorText", "errorText")}} property's contents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It then calls a function to display the messages and the event's {{domxref("RTCPeerConnectionIceErrorEvent.errorText", "errorText")}}.
```

```js
pc.addEventListener("icecandidateerror", (event) => {
  let networkInfo = `[Local interface: ${event.address}:${event.port}]`;

>   let iceServerInfo = `[ICE server: ${event.url}]`;

Author: ```suggestion
  const networkInfo = `[Local interface: ${event.address}:${event.port}]`;
  const iceServerInfo = `[ICE server: ${event.url}]`;
```
